New Traffic Policy Documentation (#1011)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/traffic-policy/concepts/actions.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 4
title: Actions
pagination_previous: traffic-policy/concepts/expressions
---

# Actions

> In Traffic Policy, actions define what happens when a [Rule](/traffic-policy/concepts/rules) on a [Phase](/traffic-policy/concepts/phases) conditions are met. Actions allow you to manipulate, route or manage traffic in various ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Traffic Policy, an Action is used to manipulate, route or manage traffic in various ways. Actions are performed only when a specific [Rule](/traffic-policy/concepts/rules) in a specific [Phase](/traffic-policy/concepts/phases) is matched.
```

> In Traffic Policy, actions define what happens when a [Rule](/traffic-policy/concepts/rules) on a [Phase](/traffic-policy/concepts/phases) conditions are met. Actions allow you to manipulate, route or manage traffic in various ways.

Author: ```suggestion
In Traffic Policy, actions define what happens when a [Rule](/traffic-policy/concepts/phase-rules) on a [Phase](/traffic-policy/concepts/phases) conditions are met. Actions allow you to manipulate, route or manage traffic in various ways.
```

> Some actions can short-circuit a request and immediately return back a response, while others go to the next action in the chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most actions are executed sequentially as defined in the Traffic Policy. Some Actions can short-circuit a request and immediately return back a response, ignoring any subsequent Actions.
```

Reviewer: should we link to those short circuiting actions?

Author: Later
